---
slug: mainnet
title: Entropy on Solana Mainnet
authors: [uvk]
tags: [entropyzero,entropy,puredepin]
---

Dear ENTROPY Community:

It has been exactly one month since my last post and now comes time for another.

As of today, we have launched on Solana mainnet. Our peculiar business model and unique tokenomics are about to be put to the test. Let us see where the journey takes us. I, for one, welcome entropy with all my heart.

We are experiencing a slow, but exponential rise and my hope is that it continues. Since the beginning of the project, we have received feedback from all corners and that feedback has become frequent enough that I can now categorize it and share some perspective from my vantage point as CEO.

Firstly, let us point out that we have a lot of very committed fans in our community. These are the people for whom we wake up every day and whom we try not to disappoint. We are glad that we have struck a cord and, if these folks were not there, the project would be in a different state than it is now. Thankfully, we will never have to know for sure what that state might be.

Die-hard fans are necessary for any memecoin project to grow. I think the term of art for this group of people is a "cabal". Right now, the cabal is a significant portion of the total amount of miners in our network. I expect the relative percentage to decrease, and the influence of the original cabal to grow as we onboard more and more fairweather participants.

The next group of people are fans who are ideologically aligned. These people tend to be very committed to DePIN and especially committed to the granddaddy: Helium. The reason for this is clear. Heliumites have been around for a while and have seen a lot. With experience comes discernment and an eye for subtlety. 

To be honest, I did not know that we would onboard so many Heliumites when we started this process; we never actively pursued the Helium community. Nevertheless, network effects have conspired and are bringing us closer. Most of HQ is comprised of early Helium miners so it makes sense that the DePIN connoisseur is "one of us".

Another group of people are the non-DePINers. Being new, web3 generally attracts people who feel like misfits "irl", and this ensures that the entire space is full of creativity and positivity. We want all of it and this subset of our community has shown up thus far. We have some big plans for these folks. Stay tuned.

I think the above covers everyone worth mentioning in a positive sense. There are certain haters here and there without whom no project is complete. We love our haters too: the feedback they provide is important and makes an impact.

That is all I have to say for now. Thank you for sticking with us.

Miners eat first, \
Prof. Lambo