---
slug: launch
title: Welcome to Pure DePIN
authors: [uvk]
tags: [entropyzero,entropy,puredepin]
---

Dear Fellow DePIN Degens:

I am happy to announce the launch of ENTROPY, a DePIN that is also a memecoin.

The idea behind ENTROPY came about only a couple of months ago after much time spent lamenting how we, as DePIN founders, always feel pressured to satisfy our customers (who give us money), miners (whom we give tokens), and investors (who take both sides).

As funny as it may seem, we believe that DePIN tokens are actually money, and we have often felt the need to build a viable business around customer needs so that we can eventually make our miners and investors whole. However, it turns out that miners and investors rarely see it this way.

After a while, we realized that our friends in the memecoin world do not have this problem; they make money when the community eats their own supply. In fact, many of our friends in the DePIN world also don't have this problem; they also make money by selling products to their community of miners.

ENTROPY is therefore just another of crypto's _reductiones ad absurdum_&mdash;that is why we call it a _pure DePIN_. With ENTROPY, we attain perfect product-market fit by not even pretending to have any utility in the first place. What's more, we are unburdened of the need to worry about the wills of extraneous stakeholders because we do not have any extraneous stakeholders to speak of! There is no secret token pool that goes to VCs or even to founders: The network takes a cut to keep itself running and we founders are miners just like everyone else.

Insofar as there are any secret tokenomics, the secret may be found in the fact that in front of this screen exists an intrepid individual&mdash;you&mdash;who possesses foresight and gumption greater than their peers. Not everyone knows what you know and I am grateful that you have chosen to spend your time supporting our network.

Miners eat first, \
Prof. Lambo
